EDU-2660-access-rtm (#382)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/access-rtm/access-rtm.mdx

---
title: How to access Azion Real-Time Manager (RTM)
description: This documentation will assist you to access Azion's interface and explore the products and resources.
meta_tags: Azion, edge application, journey, onboarding, edge computing
namespace: docs_guide_access_rtm
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/
---

[Real-Time Manager (RTM)](https://manager.azion.com/) is Azion’s configuration interface where you can access all the available products and complete all tasks in Azion's platform. 

This documentation will assist you to access the interface and explore the products and resources.

import Button from '~/components/Button.astro';

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/guides/getting-to-know-real-time-manager/" text="go to RTM reference" variant="secondary"> 

</Button>

---

## Logging in

To log in, you must go to the [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](https://manager.azion.com/) and use your access credentials.

The platform will ask you for the **email** and **password** that you registered when creating your account.
- If you don’t have an account yet, create a new one by visiting the [sign-up page](https://manager.azion.com/signup/).

> Once you have completed this process, the RTM homepage will open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've completed this process, the RTM homepage will open.
```

:::tip
Enable [Multi⁠-⁠Factor Authentication](/en/documentation/products/accounts/multi-factor-authentication/) for an extra layer of security while accessing your account. Check the guide on [how to enable MFA](/en/documentation/products/guides/multi-factor-authentication/) for more details.
:::

---

## Using the shortcuts

The homepage has different **cards** that work as **shortcuts** to open certain products or start some tasks.

> If there's a card with the product or task you need, just click on it and it' wi'll redirect you to the desired page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there's a card with the product or task you need, just click on it and it'll redirect you to the desired page.
```

---

## Selecting a product

To access all the available products and their settings:

> 1. Click the *three horizontal lines* (☰) located on the upper-left corner to open the **Products menu**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click the *three horizontal lines* located on the upper-left corner to open the **Products menu**.
```

> 1. Click the *three horizontal lines* (☰) located on the upper-left corner to open the **Products menu**.

Reviewer: é bom deixarmos o símbolo?

Author: achei bom sendo um guia básico, para esses usuários que ainda estão conhecendo/se familiarizando com a UI.
o que tu achas?

Reviewer 2: Eu super defendo o símbolo nessa configuração, acho bem mais friendly e ainda mantém acessibilidade

Reviewer: eu acho que testamos e as ferramentas não conseguem ler. isso vai contra acessibilidade.
vale testarmos novamente

2. Explore the sections to find the product you're looking for.
3. Click on the desired option to be redirected to the product.

The **Products menu** starts with the following labels:

> - **Home** returns your to the homepage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Home** returns you to the homepage.
```

> - **Marketplace** opens the Azion's digital catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Marketplace** opens Azion's digital catalog.
```

> - **Domains** to access the domain generation and management service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Domains** opens the domain generation and management service.
```

> The rest is organized into the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other products and services are organized into the following sections:
```

> - **BUILD**: it includes **Edge Application**.
> - **SECURE**, with **Edge Firewall** and **Intelligent DNS**.
> - **DEPLOY** has **Edge Nodes**.
> - **OBSERVE** offers **Data Streaming**, **Real-Time Metrics**, **Real-Time Events**, and **Edge Pulse**.
> - **TOOLS**, with **Real-Time Purge**.
> - **EDGE LIBRARIES** includes **Edge Functions**, **Edge Services**, **Digital Certificates**, **Network Lists**, and **WAF Rules**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BUILD**: has **Edge Application**.
- **SECURE**: includes**Edge Firewall** and **Intelligent DNS**.
- **DEPLOY**: has **Edge Nodes**.
- **OBSERVE**: includes **Data Streaming**, **Real-Time Metrics**, **Real-Time Events**, and **Edge Pulse**.
- **TOOLS**: has **Real-Time Purge**.
- **EDGE LIBRARIES**: includes **Edge Functions**, **Edge Services**, **Digital Certificates**, **Network Lists**, and **WAF Rules**. 
```

---

## Managing the account

To access your account and edit your settings:

> 1. Click the *avatar icon* (👤) located on the upper-right corner to open the **Account menu**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click the *avatar icon* located on the upper-right corner to open the **Account menu**.
```

> 1. Click the *avatar icon* (👤) located on the upper-right corner to open the **Account menu**.

Reviewer: ver acessibilidade também, se ferramentas leem

2. Explore the sections to find the option you're looking for.
3. Click on the desired option to be redirected to that page.

The **Account menu** has the following sections:

> - The **ORGANIZATION SETTINGS** includes options related to the management of teams and permissions: **Account Settings**, **Users Management**, **Billing & Subscriptions**, **Credentials**, **Activity History**, and **Teams Permissions**.

Reviewer: dependendo do tipo de conta e acesso, pode ter SSO Management

> - The second section should have your profile's name as label. Here, you can access to your **Settings** and **Personal Tokens**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The second section should have your profile's name as label. Here, you can access your **Settings** and **Personal Tokens**.
```

- **Domains** opens the domain generation and management service.

Other products and services are organized into the following sections:

- **BUILD**: has **Edge Application**.
- **SECURE**: includes**Edge Firewall** and **Intelligent DNS**.
- **DEPLOY**: has **Edge Nodes**.
- **OBSERVE**: includes **Data Streaming**, **Real-Time Metrics**, **Real-Time Events**, and **Edge Pulse**.
- **TOOLS**: has **Real-Time Purge**.
- **EDGE LIBRARIES**: includes **Edge Functions**, **Edge Services**, **Digital Certificates**, **Network Lists**, and **WAF Rules**. 

---

## Managing the account

To access your account and edit your settings:

1. Click the *avatar icon* located on the upper-right corner to open the **Account menu**.
2. Explore the sections to find the option you're looking for.
3. Click on the desired option to be redirected to that page.

The **Account menu** has the following sections:

- The **ORGANIZATION SETTINGS** section includes options related to the management of teams and permissions: **Account Settings**, **Users Management**, **Billing & Subscriptions**, **Credentials**, **Activity History**, and **Teams Permissions**.

>   -  If you have an **Enterprise plan** and and your account has *Account Owner* status, you'll find the option to access [SSO Management](https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/guides/sso/) in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  If you have an **Enterprise plan** and and your account has *Account Owner* status, you'll find the option to access [SSO Management](/en/documentation/products/guides/sso/) in this section.
```
